Draft: initial implementation (#1)
circe/sbt-circe-org: README.md

> # sbt-circe-io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# sbt-circe-org
```

This project is intended to set up sensible defaults and standards for projects under `io.circe`. If it's useful
outside `io.circe`, it probably should be pushed further upstream
into [sbt-typelevel](https://github.com/typelevel/sbt-typelevel).

## Installing it

The plugin is deployed to Sonatype.

```scala
addSbtPlugin("io.circe" % "sbt-circe-org" % "@VERSION@")
```

## What does it do?

### `CirceOrgPlugin`

Triggers automatically. Use on all published `circe` modules.

* Activates the sensible defaults of [sbt-typelevel](https://github.com/typelevel/sbt-typelevel/)
* Sets the organization info
* Enables automated license headers with appropriate years

> * Enables [sbt-github-actions](https://github.com/djspiewak/sbt-github-actions) with settings appropriate to our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enables [sbt-github-actions](https://typelevel.org/sbt-typelevel/gha.html) with settings appropriate to our
```
